docs: Update 'Install the Apollo Frameworks' Xcode SPM section (#2905)
apollographql/apollo-ios: docs/shared/spm-xcode-installation-panel.mdx

Go to **File > Add Packages...**

<img class="screenshot" src="../source/screenshot/spm_packages_add_package.png" alt="Adding an SPM package" width="560" />

</ExpansionPanelListItem>
<ExpansionPanelListItem>

> In the dialog that appears, type `apollo-ios` into the search bar, then select the `apollo-ios` package that appears:

Reviewer: Are we sure this is true? SPM keeps a cache of used packages, but there isn't a central repository. If you haven't already got a local clone of apollo-ios in your SPM module cache, will it show up from a search this way?

Author: I added this because I was able to replicate the issue where the readme doesn't load when using the full repo URL but not with the package name. It could just be a quirk or something else. I'm happy to revert this particular change given we don't know how Xcode package searching works.

Reviewer: Ah interesting! That makes me thing that the Xcode bug has to do with the fact that when you use the git URL it isn't fetching properly there (since it's probably not running the entire SPM package resolution step), but if the module is in the local cache, it can find the README there?

Thanks for reverting that change. The rest looks great!

> In the dialog that appears, type `apollo-ios` into the search bar, then select the `apollo-ios` package that appears:

Author: ```suggestion
In the dialog that appears, paste the URL of the Apollo iOS GitHub repo (`https://github.com/apollographql/apollo-ios.git`) into the search bar, then select the `apollo-ios` package that appears:
```
